It is Iron Man's
today
It's tough but
iphone 5 not cars anymore
By that their's by the iphone 5 c
What
I will be up for urgent addition
It is today
iphone 5 c
What do you think
I think you feel like not selling
I can not sell
I think so but everyone may think
Hmm
In a
Lifemaster
When I went to a curry shop
How iphone 5 c
To notice 2570
I have monthly 2570 yen, but monthly 2,570 yen
Yay Wu good
I'm sorry I'm sorry
iphone 5 c will come out for 2570 yen a month
A little nice to be here
I will upload photos
Even if I feel lonely
One month, two months, and three months have not passed
Too early science destruction is happening
Well of today still Oh
I do not have Kishu iphone 5
4 s
It is good information for the person who is considering now to change any
Mistake rug
I think to those who switch from android
It is only bad in the west corner
Well if I try to keep it monthly for this iphone 5 c 2570 yen
Do you need transfer
mp
That I'm a little difficulty I or another doll and a super time starring
Exceptional that No'm good anywhere Nante career because I thought I already extended branches like
Definitely sold
It is a great proposal
Really the speed of feeling of the phone is iphone 5s and iphone 5
Specs are different, but it is same feeling speed so even if you change
Gosho Shrine Nau
Well Tatte said step Tsu Neva early say I
I think I'm perceived speed of together Admit
here
Iphone 5s versus iphone 5
I put it for study so I would like to see it once
Nun
I'm sorry I'm sorry
Naa patient
everyone
Ah
Well why not show me the showdown of iphone 5s and iphone 5
I will do say Datte live
iphone 5 c and iphone 5
Well it's a live together I already said before but I wonder what's different
Lost minutes and ios
6 What dirt batting capacity is about say have increased five laps iphone
you know
About this
Daikan contents'd likely only masu I'm together
me
Well iphone 5s and 5 's just look iphone 5 diplomat
If you think iphone 5 c
Well there is no problem
Well let's go at this opportunity
by all means to people a little Tteyuu I'm fed up with android
Introduction to iphone
Because I think that I would like you to enter by all means
Thank you about the study
Hey there I have a lot of other things I want a little one nice time this time
I must not
I think that I think from it
Because the city flies without coming
I am an honest guy
thought
Oh
Well
Yeah yeah yeah
tue
me